refactor(windows): only call `set_skip_taskbar` when needed (#1302)
tauri-apps/tao: .changes/fix-set_skip_taskbar.md

---
"tao": patch
---

> Skip `set_skip_taskbar` when not hiding. Reason: If Explorer is not responding, the app will hang too. Can be verified with Process Explorer by suspending explorer.exe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Windows, skip `set_skip_taskbar` if `skip_taskbar` is false when creating the window and on taskbar restars.
```

The reasoning sounds weird, like it will still hang if you have it set to true
